What do you mean? What do you mean?
You are not allowed to tell Su Lin this news
Isn't it your best rule?
What bullshit rules?
I wish he was dead
Yes, he is dead
Otherwise, no one will be able to be a strong man with you
Sulin, it must not be mine
I can prepare everything
Really, really
Do you know why I came so late?
Why?
No, I just ate Guli
Really, what are you talking about?
What if I said I slept with me and I like men?
It's all your turn
Still selectively inaudible, Su Ling?
Why didn't I notice it before?
Are you so vain and pregnant?
Can we find a place to have a nice chat?
Is there such a live electricity?
Let’s talk about what else we are looking for.
I told you everything
I am pregnant
It's about face
I gotta take a good rest rest really really